good night folks I confess that I was missing it will not be the one I
wanted to have some restrictions yet but we have good news to give
above all true news here on my left they act on our
internal of pounds here a novelty that the strong focus of goiás and he is the director
of biofuel from the Ministry of Mines and Energy because of bill possible with
once at the united states house we were accused he was the one who saw it right
the press outside and inside Brazil I am responsible for the fire in Brazil
tony all right with a little noise there because the rule of the game is in the media
start heating up residence time one two three four five
six seven stories seven stories against me can without a cinema with the
accusation of corruption of the technical ministry every day with good
news of them gets 77 negative stories with me and the most
important was dad are 10 pages that my hour is
from the time he went through gay and 35 sessions with a psychologist to see if he could
a future for someone later to sue against the guidance of the
federal board of psychology would most certainly do would be prosecuted now
even though I acted in careless poetic disagreement as well
the bid is ethical for a large part of Brazilian life is asking too much is now also
details that the magazine is you looking for here
has no official government propaganda page
on a page of the official propaganda of the river if I had determined here a
state official bank announces a page two says that the courier delivers the letter
presents to know with him to know that occurring in casa brasil that doesn’t have
thing that the plan has as ethics but if it were current it wouldn’t have a subject
against people quite the opposite, even promoting my time to raise money
more clients to attend there was his psychology degree
let's talk a little about miguel rosa which is very important
coincidentally today it is heavy what is better today 40 years ago that the program
of alcohol-powered car works in Brazil 40 years 40 of its name of September
40 years anniversary its product programs produced in ethanol in the car
it started in the government if the gazin you take the works of the military government
there is little left over brazil or what they did in others is just for
little in Brazil and again this type of alcohol engine is to appear in the
at that time as a function and some problem I had as a ballet was not a crisis of the
oil the second time the catholic is lacking oil that makes the price much more
price of fuel in Brazil because the weight of the gasoline power I was there
underneath it would be a show together here I don't know who it is
more or less and maybe then the one below is the book as a logical day maybe I don't know
semester that is the part that weighs the most in the taxpayer’s pocket
is an average state tax of 30 for example
so the federal government invested ethanol here in the album exactly decreases the
dependence on importing from brazil was in this
time I was already investing a lot in work I was already investing a lot
but it is a little far from self-reliance
but it’s something that we’re going to see for a week next week is for new york in
a year the UN to make a statement there is in the face that you charge is because the
most countries attack me in a very violent way is that I am
responsible for the fires there in Brazil we know that there are data
officials is that whoever rules has inflation every year unfortunately, which even has a
a matter of tradition I'm not a caboclo but he set fire to last year he planted a
thing tocantins the indian does the same thing
there are those who speak in a criminal way also now how to fight it all without
means, right, one in the Amazon region that catches if not
I'm mistaken I think it should be helping the gum station that way that there is a
percentage is hard to leave I don't do it now we do our best because
some countries in europe hit us hard what they wanted when i
come back from this big difference as I was unlucky in osaka time on the street
for me to come home, mark two dozen more 60 indigenous people with 30 more
or 40 quilombolas to expand environmental parks if I decide tomorrow
negative to everyone there like here all over the planet with part of the new but rather in
of craft to mark and 20 indigenous reserves that 50 quilombola the fire
ends immediately in the Amazon region and that some countries aside the note was
doing with this story of money from the fund
amazon are buying our amazon
is the Indian what does he want life similar to us once having a
access there contact with the new he wants a dentist loaded in the top on
mouth the doctor to find out something he wants electricity when
with this internet it’s amazing, right? We’ve been amazed for a short time
when we met he wants to and that is what we want yes we do have some fans of
government wants to keep them primitively as if they were men
prehistoric want to get married in the future of this school and that the guys who is from
I look at the wealth that is under the ground, so
say something to us here my favor is to be leased here now is the
press announced to participate tomorrow has no less good news does not have my name
but toyota is installing sorocaba in são paulo because it wants toyota is
investing will invest 1 billion reais to put a toyota plant in
sorocaba são paulo what i'm seeing is releasing an hour
government policy is to launch new energy transition policy
energy efficiency valuing the use of ethanol
this made toyota create an ethanol hybrid car
the first car in the world that will generate will work from
ethanol and it's the president way we generate the ethanol powered electric car and
instead of plugging in the house socket you will put the channel it will take the
hydrogen and making the electric car work in brazil can be around
of this great technology to revolutionize Brazil and this government is doing this
structure what we go with the program will remunerate the withdrawal of each
one paying a disability without subsidy without paying meetings in just creating the
legal mechanisms for carbon offsetting and that means
700 million tons of cargo or removed from the atmosphere with brazil is a
world problem equals 5 million trees planted is more water than
have denmark holland belgium holland and united kingdom next to the planted streets is
what we are doing today to create income jobs and a new
opportunity and the lowest the bill is the next paid to the producer who does not
deforest even if he can legally deforest so he otta to win the
carbon credit to trade carbon credits to preserve and
more president the price of fuel in Brazil is low as it was because
the more efficient the price with me as the smaller size biofuel
more consumer option to use he can put the channel or with little
gasoline is the same thing with brilliance
excellent news only that brazil was in the lap of
environmental issue and the Apaches do their part, we suffer is that Brazil is a
power and you have to do your part
I'm sad for the Brazilians attacking me for burning in the Amazon
when if they never had it and it would never cease to exist and what is
if it’s ok it’s part of the average of the last 15 years but the staff goes to
first back there and after accused nero also setting fire to everything around me
am to get closer if what was predicted at that time the countries of
outside brazil scheduled for august is in brazil until sunday 22 is that the future
whoever was to elect president in 2018 demarcated approximately 400 more
new indigenous reserves and approximately 900 quilombolas in addition to
expansion of national parks
such only today’s indigenous reserve we have an area equivalent to the region
southeast is because the state of minas são paulo rio Espírito santo
with this increase of 6% we will have another area of ​​approximately right
south paraná santa catarina region and in the south
imagine our brazil with the equivalent sea is a little bit below the
southeast and south demarcated as indigenous land all
would be unviable in Brazil if agribusiness man from the countryside
already the man of the country you have to invent what to make disappeared delivered to the
land to abandon it and take care of your life I don’t know how it is like that the trend is the
suffocation of our agriculture here in Brazil we occupy approximately 7%
of our territory for agriculture and other countries in europe the mere club
a lot takes up the next 70% and now our huge productivity
it is a work that has to be recognized since 9 now brings the
such Brazil who will attack Brazil as it attacks right
speaking of the zucchini button not only a minority but the improvement it represents
a lot of things attack violently and don't know the
that is happening and regrets that I'm certainly not putting Brazil to work
low if god wants me to be in new york at
next tuesday i'm preparing a speech one
quite different goal from other presidents who preceded me no one
will fight with anyone there you can rest assured I will be beaten by the media any
way this life always has something to complain about right
but I'm going to talk about how Brazil is they have true number 5 notes
that interests wears out the image of brazil spending because to see if you create a
chaos here for those who are in good health and outside our culture too, falling is good
for the country they live in says others who live on it ends up selling more against
sure more expensive us here that got tired quite complicated
so i believe in brazil this idol are liars if some fires are
criminals feel good I have the image you must have seen is a team that is
doing would be doing would be doing a clip right for a cultural event
largo de janeiro so fashion is burning fire in part of the forest
Amazon was enough I don’t know if the political police ranger
the environmental police firefighters and and starts talking to the guy is the guy saying
that was on Thursday for a clip a big event nec until then there will be an end
of the month now barra da tijuca inside this is brazil people using lies
to attack your own country it is unfortunate to say I think we have
a program to save the world from global warming
all the same soybean plant farmer is removing canongate ours is if
people from other countries bought an aspect paid the price of the continuous Brazil
will fall and this government that launched this program
will handle this problem that will be the biggest problem of decarbonization of the
world to win I will say that I have some money to comment on something
fast here rates it again right 15 went to 5 and 6 percent has never been
so low every -1% to be every -1% partnership that
equals more - is the approximate number between 40 and 50
billion reais less the next good news and why
that the Selic rate is re-establishing its confidence
this is what is happening brazil is doing its homework
online sales grew 41% in the week in brazil which is the so-called skating base
here the Fabio will play who hit the business ministers
a lot of people entered this Tuesday thrill and online shopping grew by percentage 1
41% and trade as a whole and sold 12% over the same period of the year
passed the sanction of the bill that now
elected from the possession of a weapon for rural landowners although
on the farm he works all the time is when we talk about goiana in the first
idea its south matogrossense in mato grosso we win respect of
agribusiness the man from the field was then allowed to fossil to settle the
biggest loss inside his house is up to him has a big farm 2 3
thousand and 500 hectares I couldn't from now on we
we put the decree on it and confirmed eln and had the support of the chamber rodrigo maia
it was very helpful in this one in this question and it was by a score quite
elastic gait approval extends so you're in the car you didn't have
firearm possession just buying a bet from you will not have any difficulty
to buy if you have a call for people who will see if you have someone who
is hindering the purchase of this weapon is it going to take the steps that everyone
the men who are charged with collaborating with the documentation and dispatching
people buying water have to follow the
law the decree decree it will then be able to mount the horse boot 1 to 3 81
transit then a cat 22 links from the lining and can ride a horse on the farm
around your vehicle for all of our capacity that if you ask
mine will give the card table a headache and I would like to have a project of
the law being processed in the chamber and should be voted on briefly there
then this situation was resolved, a good citizen was also in possession of a firearm
sanctioned a law that gives maria da penha
in addition to the heavy penalty of deprivation of liberty has one more now is peculiar
dined scholarship will also pick up all possible medical expenses one
understanding right people obviously I don't even have the problem usually a
men usually have more physical strength and women and some go to
ignorance will get a little heavier for you
if it didn’t work it regrets but each one follows their ideal destination is to be for
always late the dollar still his girlfriend is seeing it's just love i'm thinking about
football I will not touch the ball and it will not be the same
now it’s tight that the man cannot be completely happy and doesn’t
have a wonderful wonderful wife there and she also found sure if not
have the hubby button think you will be happy or less a year
you are only happy big picture with wife
folks come on we take care and imposition of import taxes of little more
500 products closely related to the issue of medical equipment
ophthalmological information from others the week are in the national week of
traffic rules simplification is for real
now to get a driver's license in the simulator program my time doesn't
had video game and northeast the track an excellent driver we also decreased
here from five o'clock to one hour of max night practice activity follow
hour and also the practice is one is from 25 to 20 hours a good reduction will stop
that decreased the student's driver's license
we depend on parliament to vote on the project that will validate the portfolio
engine from 5 to 10 years as well as the number of landings around 2040 you lose
the driver's license some complain is absurd here is
professional in traffic knows that you are 40 port has passed 10% so it is not 44
will win a fine and a score in the portfolio
another thing also mobile radar until the juvenile until it manifests is no it will not
be used on mobile radar on federal highways
something else starting the week one thing I always wanted to ask
when she was a deputy she couldn't do it because the same environment as the pt always
almost always an environmental Shiite was unable to
we started to found on some vessels off the coast of brazil
the first two first vessels with small small ships
it was there on the tamandaré beach that already has some sunken boats it takes more
hard so congratulations do gilson machado for example to everything that is with this
tasked to sink youm possible from craft tank cars tank the
plane and orientation that we gave him that obviously doesn’t have a hotel Barra da
tijuca as well as la salle in post 4 to the floor
so I see on the straight so boss without messi is out I don't know how deep
but if you go a week, go deep and go to whoever's house
like ge and diving and flush will hire to stay a chief and
will get the little one that someone will have a little boat will fill up getting it and
go and go diving to practice this sport that I practiced for a long time
in the same place managing not to tune and you can even catch a fish waiting for
no one complains that now it will stimulate and I went to fish under the sea is
complicated right i think i let the animal is who it is
vegetarian also from the commendation of the couple cutting fell doing can count lost
easy is also right for diving already shore can
we didn’t eat now, we were going to start fishing in my time
ayrton continues to open the scoring in the only regattas but in the illness of some
visibility didn’t take long if it’s bad you’re going on a duck fishing for a sport
wonderful to see our minister tereza cristina now had in the region of the east
medium and it houses our market with meat also for the un already mentioned
the last subject that attack the refinery in saudi arabia we like us
condemn any terrorist attack that attack caused the price of
petrobras decided to insure as much as possible ensured
but unfortunately yesterday the tension is from the spokesperson there is no interference from us
party but which has a price policy increased diesel by 3% on average
gasoline will detail the price at the refinery today the lowest in the
that the boy July last year despite this increase I entered with certainty the
we know that in the end a pump the price follows in contact with the
miner will provide the mines and energy and he will obviously contact the
national oil agency to see what's going on cartel if it's
happening the brasilia team where in the morning the before this announcement by petrobras
it was late afternoon and early evening here in brasilia some may rise 5%
taking into account the drone attack on the Saudi arabian refinery in the price
continues the same training here is my music is sure to go up
of them all according to the law to be able to defend the consumer is we will do
I think something ended there but it died as soon as I stopped
excited the wedding is that now we just thought that at this hour to
finish a friend on the injured neck andré andré ramos I already gave that
good is also high, right
guys thank you so much for the opportunity to find out that you heard them talking to
resourcefulness next week Thursday I think we'll be
flying here and post-agreement next week here we hardly use it enough
attention and let's put it here in here or in the presidency the good news is the
our passage there in new york we know that there may be a problem there is natural
but be residents that talking show with fame with patriotism and talking
in national sovereignty is the one that has always been threatened and now a lot of people
earthly manages that unfortunately me and a few do we were right
thank you here again one because of the group that owns the g7 they need the field
defending brazil that no measure could even be proposed in that
meeting without occasion the eighth economy in the world for a country friends who have friends
all over the country how much is a type of race I am a descendant you can see
things the engine goalkeeper bruno won r dio
also another race of the year the reason for this is italy ending our congratulations
to the athletic of Paraná by the Copa do Brasil
the game of wembley hit possible a better football the palm trees lagged behind
just to have been better there was no internet
the gauchada there only the strikers are vibrating is one more part of the rule of
game going forward is not a Brazilian championship for everyone and some
few like liberators the rest there is Brazilian championship let's go
ahead ok all right thank you all good night and stay
with God